README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @ErenSahbaz1
- 👀 I’m interested in Front-end, back-end and ios
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Reactjs, php, kotlin and swift
- 📫 How to reach me nendari01@gmail.com or eren.Sahbaz@student.ehb.be
- ⚡ Fun fact: i don't like writing papers


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)  ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=react&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

Commit message:

Revise README.md with new personal info
Updated personal introduction and learning goals.

README.md, after:

- Yooo I am Eren and im kind of a Front-End Developer which is very fun to work with. I'm currently learning Next.JS but I want to go deeper and learn new languages like python (which is my next step). 
- 📫 How to reach me nendari01@gmail.com or eren.Sahbaz@student.ehb.be


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)  ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ErenSahbaz1&theme=react&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)
